create fct_hospital_events (#15)
mkryed/dbt_demo_healthcare: models/core/_core_docs.md

# Model-level descriptions
{% docs fct_hospital_events %}

> The fct hospital events is a combination of the encountered events and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fct hospital events is a combination of the encounters
```
